Hello Rodrigo, today (20-02-19) our work has consisted on starting the user interface class, the manager 
and the pojos. We wrote all the system.out and bufferReaders in order to ask the questions to fill the 
tables that we've created. We created 4 Pojo classes: Patient, Doctor, Nurse and device. 
Also, we created the SQLManager class with the methods connect, disconnect, createTables and insert 
(of each polo class). 


(27-02-19)
Hello Rodrigo, this week we created the tables, inserted and selected one entity in a main method.
Before next class, we intend to have all the pojos and the insert and  select method of each one.

  
 (06-03-19)
 Hello Rodrigo, this week we have organized our presentation for next Wednesday dividing the work.
 Also, we have achieved our aim to finish all the insert and select methods for each pojo; and we
 have started with the update and delete methods of each pojo, having finished the ones of patient, 
 nurse and doctor. We tried insert, select, delete and update with the pojo patient in a simple main
 and it works correctly.
 
 (18 - 03 - 19)
 Hello Rodrigo, this last weeks we have ended our presentation. This Monday, we have established all
 the relations between the pojos but we haven't tested them to make sure that they work. Our plan for
 next week is to have them ready to function. 
 
 (03-04-2019)
 Hello Rodrigo, last week we didn't send you our progress report because we had the midterm exam, so 
 now I'll be talking about the updates we made in this last two weeks. We have been working on the update,
 obtain and delete methods of the pojos but we haven't finished them; neither tested them. For next week,
 our aim is to have them finished and hopefully working correctly. 
 
  (10-04-2019)
Hello Rodrigo, this week we continued with the jdbc methods, trying to integrate them in a menu and testing
 some of them in a main, our intention is to finish with jdbc next week. Also, we started the jpaManager and 
 most of the annotations of the pojos fo jpa. 